---
layout: post
title:  "News"
date:   2007-08-31 01:15:11
categories: diary 
---


After about 4 weeks of looking, learning, thinking and writing code, and again
looking, learning, thinking and writing code, and again… now I’ve learned Qt
enough to find my way. Coming from python world, it was relatively difficult to
get accustomed with “new” and “delete” especially when working with raw data!
The plotting tool has been more matured. As I said before, I delayed molecular
viewer part to the next major release (I hope it to be developed in coming
months). Nevertheless, just for my curiosity, I wrote a simple “test” viewer
using OpenMOIV and also played a little with BALLView. The results were
promising.

Last week, I accidentally found a page in gromacs wiki that listed the gromacs
GUIs currently available. There was a program called GmxG listed too. The
software is written by Filipe Maia and seems that has not been released yet. I
grabbed the code using gromacs cvs and when reviewing the code, I found that
what a good GUI is going to be created. It is obvious that Filipe is an
experienced programmer, and I hope him to find enough time to complete it
(because some parts of code date back to about 2 years ago and about, I think,
60% of work has done, I think his main problem is lack of enough free time!).
The GmxG has a molecular viewer using PyMol, an xvg plotter and a statistical
analysis section.Because there was no copyright notification in GmxG code, I
didn’t use any of it. But the output parser of the code inspired me to write
one for my app too, but not for this release. Maybe for version 0.6 .

OK then, enough for now. I am tired now and more tiring days are ahead…!

1:15 AM shanbeh, 10 shahrivar 1386.

[ Originally published [here](https://resal.wordpress.com/2007/08/31/news/). ]
